README.md, before:

# Random map template (Heroes 3 - HotA)

The two sides decided to find out which of them is stronger. But only one problem - between 
them are neutral lands filled with dangerous creatures and the untold riches they guard. They 
say there is still a secret passage between the sides, but the path is thorny and risky, no 
one knows what awaits you on that path, you may need a guide or strong army. Welcome to the
**Middle Earth**.

### Installation

1. Clone repository
2. Put folder `Middle Earth` to the folder `HotA_RMGTemplates` in Heroes 3 - HotA root folder
3. Start the game  
	3.1. Choose singleplayer (or multiplayer)  
	3.2. Select random map mode  
	3.3. Find out and choose `Middle Earth (2p, XL)` template  
4. Set up game and start as usual

### Rules

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

* You have to play with 1 hero which was chosen at the beginning of game. 
You are defeated if you lose this hero (in any way).  
    * If two heroes are lost (disappeared) after battle the winner is the player 
    who make the last shot (even if it was made by summoned creature or magic spell).  
    * If battle can't be finished (f.e. if two players have army of ghosts) the 
    winner is the player with bigger sum of characteristics (if sums are equal 
    then by tossing a coin).  
* Since **126** you can recruit one more hero from tavern. This actions is allowed only once, it means
that if you lose the second hero (even if it can surrender or retreat), you have to finish the game 
having only 1 (main) hero. The second hero **can't attack** opponent heroes and **can't be attacked**
with opponent heroes.  
    * Second hero can't block path on road if there is only 1 tile in width between
any obstacles. If second hero have no more move points and blocks the route then you have to banish him
(and never buy any other second heroes).  
* Restarts are allowed (?) times until 112 (inclusive).

### Template

![Template schema](template.png)

### Artifacts

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Spells

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Heroes

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Skills

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Buildings

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

Commit message:

All zones are prepared for play + some balance changes of zone sizes

README.md, after:

# Random map template (Heroes 3 - HotA)

The two sides decided to find out which of them is stronger. But only one problem - between 
them are neutral lands filled with dangerous creatures and the untold riches they guard. They 
say there is still a secret passage between the sides, but the path is thorny and risky, no 
one knows what awaits you on that path, you may need a guide or strong army. Welcome to the
**Middle Earth**.

### Installation

1. Clone repository
2. Put folder `Middle Earth` to the folder `HotA_RMGTemplates` in Heroes 3 - HotA root folder
3. Start the game  
	3.1. Choose singleplayer (or multiplayer)  
	3.2. Select random map mode  
	3.3. Find out and choose `Middle Earth (2p, XL)` template  
4. Set up game and start as usual

### Rules

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

* Initial set up: fast roads, no water, normal monsters, 160%.
* You have to play with 1 hero which was chosen at the beginning of game. 
You are defeated if you lose this hero (in any way).  
    * If two heroes are lost (disappeared) after battle the winner is the player 
    who make the last shot (even if it was made by summoned creature or magic spell).  
    * If battle can't be finished (f.e. if two players have army of ghosts) the 
    winner is the player with bigger sum of characteristics (if sums are equal 
    then by tossing a coin).  
* Since **127** you can recruit one more hero from tavern. This actions is allowed only once, it means
that if you lose the second hero (even if it can surrender or retreat), you have to finish the game 
having only 1 (main) hero. The second hero **can't attack** opponent heroes and **can't be attacked**
with opponent heroes.  
    * Second hero can't block path on road if there is only 1 tile in width between
any obstacles. If second hero have no more move points and blocks the route then you have to banish him
(and never buy any other second heroes).  
* Each player have 1 restart until 112 (inclusive).

### Template

Scheme of this template:

![Template schema](template.png)

There are 2 players zones (1-red and 2-blue) that are full of different resources and monster buildings
of 5, 6 and 7 levels, but there are not artifacts (only in black towers which are not more than 3).
Each player zone is connected to the corresponding treasure zone (5 for red and 6 for blue). Treasure
zones full of artifacts and boxes but they are covered with a sand which makes difficult to explore them.
Also there are no any monsters buildings at all. In between treasure zones there are two possible ways:
explicit by road through the one more zone of tower (3), and implicit through portals to desert zone (7).
Main idea of tower zone (3) is a battlefield where is almost nothing useful except tower in the middle.
Main idea of desert zone (7) is a hidden attack avoiding classic battlefield. Also in desert zone you
can get extra boost for hero characteristics and skills. There is one more canyon zone (4). It's well
protected but it's the shortest path between players. If you think that you are powerful you can reach
you opponent through this path. 

Example of generated map using this template is following:

![Template example](example.png)

### Artifacts

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Spells

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Heroes

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Skills

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._

### Buildings

_Rules is under correction now. Coming soon..._
